this is my sambar 1990 I did a Suzuki
GSXR motor in there 750 as I went
through three original motors to rebuilt
the only lasts 10 minutes so I would say
to anyone looking to buy a sambar be
careful because the motors are horrible
so I got you know I had to go back to my
original plan which was to put us in
Tsukiji six or seven 50 motor in now
it's reliable I Drive it almost every
day to work and the highway all over
right we're just playing with the
sprocket configuration and as you can
see this is the back where the motor is
that's the compartment better how over
the intake that's it with the box of the
rims
that's the fuel pump there we had to
make a canister for
has a queef sprocket or a differential
he kept everything original so it
doesn't look like you know we've done
any work much to it right because he
wanted to maintain you know the original
look at the truck as you can see that's
the motor the exhaust
this is the cluster the gears are first
up and off five other gears are done I'm
just gonna start
that's just the vacuum pump from around
the hardy so you can because the bike
doesn't make himself we have to put
an external vacuum pump for the brakes
we have a radio in but there's no point
to it because you can't hear anything
when you're doing in all 7,000 8,000 rpm
that's the full look of it right there
and that's the end of it